Revisions for resubmission (#5)
rando2/dtcdog-ms: content/05.discussion.md

Applying an experimental paradigm to evaluate DTC canine genetic tests revealed qualitative and quantitative differences in the breed ancestry estimates from six companies.
By modulating whether DNA was submitted with a matched or mismatched photograph, we assessed whether this non-genetic information influenced breed predictions.
In complement, a pre-trained convolutional neural network, NASNet, provided a baseline of predictions made from the photograph alone.
Ultimately, this analysis revealed a low rate of consensus across tests in estimating the breed makeup, even of registered purebred dogs, and suggested that at least one company is influenced by the photograph provided.

Both NASNet and Accu-Metrics were unlikely to identify the registered breed as 100% of the ancestry, regardless of condition.
When breed ancestry estimates were evaluated at the clade level, there were elevated odds that the clades of the breeds predicted by these two tests matched the photograph rather than the DNA donor (Figure @fig:tern).
For NASNet, which is an image recognition tool, this result was expected; however, Accu-Metrics requires a DNA sample.

> The lack of a relationship between the company's breed predictions and the provided DNA samples suggests issues with the accuracy of the company's results. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lack of a relationship between the company's breed predictions and the provided DNA samples suggests issues with the accuracy of the company's tests. 
```

In overall performance, Accu-Metrics was less successful in predicting a dog's breed than NASNet, with an overall rate of 0% versus 17% (Table @tbl:accuracy).
NASNet may have had even higher performance if more breeds were included in its training dataset, given that it did not have any point of reference for some of the breeds examined in this study (e.g., Chinese Crested).
The Chinese Crested photograph was, incidentally, the only photograph that Accu-Metrics identified as 100% matching the registered breed of the photographed dog (Supplementary Table 4); in this case, however, the photograph of the Chinese Crested was submitted along with DNA from a Brittany.

Among the remaining five DTC testing services, the rate of predicting the registered breed of the DNA donor was very high, regardless of the condition.

> This result suggests that these companies are indeed analyzing DNA as the basis for their breed ancestry predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This result suggests that these companies are analyzing DNA as the basis for their breed ancestry predictions.
```

> Additionally, we did not find an effect of condition on the odds that the photographed breed or a close relative would be included in the predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we did not find evidence that the photographed breed or a close relative would be included in the predictions.
```

All the same, these five tests often differed in their breed predictions, and among the twelve purebred dogs tested, some received more consistent predictions than others.
For more than half the dogs, there was consensus among these five DTC genetic tests (excluding Accu-Metrics) about their breed (Table @tbl:accuracy).
Among the others, though the registered breed was always the major ancestry estimate from each of the five DTC tests, they often differed in what other breeds were predicted to contribute to ancestry.

While it is interesting to explore differences in their predictions, it is important to note that this study was not designed to evaluate the accuracy of the tests' genetic ancestry predictions.
Pedigrees are not infallible, and therefore mistaken parentage could be a source for some of this variation.
For example, in the case of the Labrador Retriever tested here, Embark and Darwin's Ark both predicted that she carried ~5% non-Labrador DNA, suggesting admixture approximately five generations ago.

> This result is entirely plausible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This result is plausible within breeding and registration practices; the higher resolution markers used by these tests may be revealing present but minor ancestries or that annotating purebred dogs as a mixed breed is inducing a source of error in testing.
```
